This file describes the steps done in the days and weeks leading up to
an iRODS release.  See the checklist2 file for steps taken to complete
the release.

Previous to the release, the release notes Wiki page needs to be
developed.  See https://www.irods.org/index.php/Release_Notes_3.2 for
an example.

The Tinderbox ('tbox') testing should carefully monitored to confirm
that all test types (run at various times in a 24 hour period) are run
and succeed.  This includes the test with Boost, MySQL, installing
Postgres, reusing Postgres, the Pound (concurrency) test, and the FUSE
test.  Some command-line scripts make monitoring this easy.  For
example, '/tbox/ch.pl -r' greps for the summary lines in the
tinderbox.out log file for those that have recently completed; a
recent change now includes the options (Boost, MySQL, etc) on these
summary lines.

The operation of the Tinderbox system is a also something that needs
more documentation as currently I (Wayne) am the only one managing it.
The build/testing part runs on pivo.ucsd.edu (Ubuntu) working in the
/tbox directory.

Testing should also be done on various platforms doing an 'irodssetup'
(build, install using Postgres) and 'irodsctl devtest'.  A MacBook,
iMac, and srbbrick (using Oracle-XE) are good to use.

Similarly, the NMI Build and Test facility tests should be run on
various additional platforms.  These also do a build/install (using
Postgres) and a 'irodsctl devtest' using the svn code.  Currently,
these plaforms are: x86_64_deb_6.0, x86_64_sol_5.11,
x86_64_macos_10.7, x86_freebsd_7.4, x86_64_ubuntu_10.04.4,
x86_64_ubuntu_12.04, and x86_64_fedora_15.

The running of NMI B&T test is also something that needs documentation
as I (Wayne) am the only one who knows how to run the iRODS tests at
the NMI B&T facility.

If there are changes to the ICAT database ('patches'), you should
install the previous version, run the patch, do the upgrade, and run
'irodsctl devtest'.  This should be done for each DBMS type: Postgres,
Oracle, and MySQL.

Postgres and MySQL are available on the pivo Tinderbox host.  Oracle
(XE) is available on srbbrick15.

Check warning messages on both Ubuntu other platforms.  Fix source
code to eliminate those we can.  On Ubuntu 12.04.1 there were many
warnings for variable-set-but-not-used but those are now being
suppressed as irrelevant (see svn commit r5441).

For performing the release, see the 'checklist2' file.
